Minor grammatical changes in Readme file (#1673)
novuhq/novu: README.md

## 🚀 Getting Started

> We are excited to launch the complete Novu API and admin panel. Want to give it a test before the official release? Here's how:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to launch the complete Novu API and admin panel. Want to give it a test before the official release? Here is how:
```
